★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
プライバシーポリシー
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

★日本語版★

CrownStrategyは、espresso+を無料アプリとして構築しました。本サービスは、無償で提供するものであり、そのままご利用いただくことを前提としています。
このページは、お客様が本サービスをご利用になる際に、個人情報の収集、利用、開示に関する当社の方針をお知らせするためのものです。
お客様が当社のサービスを利用することを選択された場合、お客様はこのポリシーに関連した情報の収集および使用に同意されたことになります。
当社が収集する個人情報は、本サービスの提供および改善のために使用されます。
当社は、本プライバシーポリシーに記載されている場合を除き、お客様の情報を誰かと使用または共有することはありません。
本プライバシーポリシーで使用されている用語は、本プライバシーポリシーで特に定義されていない限り、espresso+でアクセス可能な当社の利用規約と同じ意味を持ちます。
情報の収集と使用
当社のサービスをより快適にご利用いただくために、当社はお客様に特定の個人情報の提供をお願いすることがあります。当社が要求する情報は、当社によって保持され、このプライバシーポリシーに記載されたとおりに使用されます。
本アプリでは、お客様を特定するために使用される情報を収集する可能性のある第三者のサービスを使用しています。
本アプリが使用する第三者のサービスプロバイダーのプライバシーポリシー
- Google Playサービス 

ログデータ
お客様が本サービスをご利用になる際、アプリにエラーが発生した場合には、ログデータと呼ばれるお客様の携帯電話上のデータや情報（第三者の製品を通じて）が収集されます。
このログデータには、お客様の端末のインターネットプロトコル（IP）アドレス、端末名、オペレーティングシステムのバージョン、本サービス利用時のアプリの設定、
お客様が本サービスを利用した日時、その他の統計情報などが含まれる場合があります。

クッキー
Cookieとは、少量のデータを含むファイルで、一般的に匿名の固有識別子として使用されます。これらは、お客様が訪問するウェブサイトからお客様のブラウザに送信され、お客様のデバイスの内部メモリに保存されます。
本サービスでは、この「クッキー」を明示的に使用していません。ただし、本アプリでは、情報収集やサービス向上のために、「Cookie」を使用する第三者のコードやライブラリを使用することがあります。
お客様は、これらの「Cookie」を受け入れるか拒否するかを選択でき、また、「Cookie」がお客様のデバイスに送信されたことを知ることができます。
お客様が当社のクッキーを拒否することを選択した場合、本サービスの一部を利用できなくなることがあります。

サービス提供者
当社は、以下の理由により、第三者の企業や個人を雇用することがあります。
- 当社のサービスを円滑にするため。
- 当社に代わって本サービスを提供するため。
- 本サービスに関連するサービスを提供するため
- 本サービスの利用状況の分析を支援するため。
当社は、これらの第三者がお客様の個人情報にアクセスできることを、本サービスのユーザーにお知らせしたいと思います。その理由は、当社に代わってこれらの第三者に割り当てられた業務を遂行するためです。
ただし、これらの第三者は、他の目的のために情報を開示または使用しない義務を負っています。

セキュリティ
当社は、個人情報を提供してくださるお客様の信頼を大切にしており、商業的に許容される手段を用いて個人情報を保護するよう努めています。しかし、インターネット上の送信方法や電子的な保存方法は、
100％安全で信頼できるものではなく、当社はその絶対的な安全性を保証することはできないことを覚えておいてください。

他のサイトへのリンク
本サービスには、他のサイトへのリンクが含まれている場合があります。お客様が第三者のリンクをクリックすると、そのサイトに移動します。
これらの外部サイトは、当社が運営しているものではないことにご注意ください。したがって、これらのサイトのプライバシーポリシーを確認されることを強くお勧めします。
当社は、第三者のサイトまたはサービスのコンテンツ、プライバシーポリシー、または慣行を管理しておらず、責任を負いません。

お子様のプライバシー
本サービスは、18歳未満の方を対象としていません。当社は、18歳未満の未成年の方から意図的に個人を特定できる情報を収集することはありません。18歳未満の未成年の方が当社に個人情報を提供したことが判明した場合、
当社は直ちにこれを当社のサーバーから削除します。保護者の方で、お子様が当社に個人情報を提供したことに気づかれた場合は、必要な措置を取らせていただきますので、当社までご連絡ください。
本プライバシーポリシーの変更
当社は、プライバシー・ポリシーを適宜更新することがあります。そのため、お客様はこのページを定期的に確認し、変更を確認することをお勧めします。
変更があった場合は、このページに新しいプライバシーポリシーを掲載することで、お客様にお知らせします。

このポリシーは、2021-09-01より有効です。

お問い合わせ
当社のプライバシーポリシーに関するご質問やご提案がございましたら、ご遠慮なく下記までご連絡ください。

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
contact_espresso@crownstrategyinc.com 
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★


★英語版★

★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
Privacy Policy
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
  
CrownStrategy Inc. built the esoresso+ app as a Free app. This service is provided by CrwonStrategy Inc. at no
cost and is intended for use as is.  
This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and
disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Service.
If you choose to use our Service, then you agree to the collection and use of inormation in
relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and
improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as
described in this Privacy Policy.
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions,
which is accessible at esoresso+ unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.
Information Collection and Use
For a better experience, while using our Service, we may require you to provide us with certain
personally identifiable information. The information that we request will be retained by us and
used as described in this privacy policy.
The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.
Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
  Google Play Services
  
Log Data
We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in a case of an error in the app we
collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This
Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device
name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the
time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.

Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique
identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on
your device&#39;s internal memory.
This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code
and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the
option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your
device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this
Service.

Service Providers
We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
  To facilitate our Service;
  To provide the Service on our behalf;
  To perform Service-related services; or
  To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.
We want to inform users of this Service that these third parties have access to your Personal
Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they
are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

Security
We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use
commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission
over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot
guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites
This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be
directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we
strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and
assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or
services.

Children’s Privacy
These Services do not address anyone under the age of 18. We do not knowingly collect
personally identifiable information from minors under 18 years of age. In the case we discover
that a minors under 18 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this
from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your minors has
provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do
necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy
We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page
periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy
Policy on this page.
This policy is effective as of 2021-09-01
Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us
at here. Thank you.
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★
contact_espresso@crownstrategyinc.com 
★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★★

